My website serves as a portal to many of many creative outlets. As I grow my portfolio I shall include further pages and links to my projects. 
since I dont have many links and projects to present thus far I tried to outline a basic bio for a personal site. I added a nav bar for when my site grows and I add more pages. my plan is to intergreate a  "Current projects", and "portfolio tab".
I worked on getting a royalty free img to age as a large banner image for the top of the site. As I get more comfotable with the site I will look into updating my personal images to add them instead. I have many potential options from my art field., however the issue will be updating some of the older images and determining which part of my portfolio I will highlight. WHen I do this I will add the aforementtioned two tabs to even out the nav bar. 
The nav bar links are functional, as I expand content they shall play a major role in navigation along with a search function. (user imput systems.)
I tried to play around with @media and sticky-web features. But, I found that these features were either interfering with other elements or taking too much time out of my over all project goals. SOmething I will revisist going foward. 
The website was rendered close to my original design. I think the more material that I add to the site, the more fleshed out it will become. Things I want to add to the website going forward: 
1. more pages with portfolio work and links to sites with projects. 
2. more use of textures to make the site more unique and showing off my personal work. Border work and perhaps even custom emojis. 
3. a more integrated and interative system to allow my porfolio to show its self off and allow user interaction/input.(perhaps a search function.)